today I want to share with you exciting
progress that the FDA is making with the
private sector as we slash red tape like
nobody has ever done it before somebody
was on yesterday or one of the networks
and said that there's never been a
president even close that's been able to
do what I've done in slashing all of the
red tape and everything to get very
important things to the market medical
so we slash red tape to develop vaccines
and therapies as fast as it can possibly
be done long before anybody else was
even thinking about doing this and as
you know earlier this week we began the
first clinical trial of a vaccine
candidate for the virus and that was
launched in record time it was just a
few weeks and that would have taken
years to do not so long ago as we race
to develop a vaccine we're also pursuing
antiviral therapies and that's what
really what going to be talking to you
about today that's the purpose of being
up here today and to me that's even more
importantly vaccine by its nature you
have to have long tests because you have
to make sure what goes into somebody's
body is not going to do destruction do
bad things so you need long tests and
they're doing great with the vaccines
but there's still a long process but the
therapies are something we can move on
much faster potentially and the
treatments that we'll be able to reduce
the severity or duration of the symptoms
to make people better essentially with
looking at things to make people better
or at the very earliest stages they
wouldn't even know they had it and
that's where I believe it's going to
work even the best